### 1.1
Let $x$ be a nilpotent element of a ring $A$. Show that $1 + x$ is a unit of $A$. Deduce that the sum of a nilpotent element and a unit is a unit.
Proof: If $x^n=0$ for some $n\in \mathbb{N}$, then 
$$
(1+x)(1-x+\cdots+(-1)^{n-1}x^{n-1})=1+(-1)^{n-1}x^{n}=1
$$
so $1+x$ is a unit of $A$.
If $a$ is a unit and $x$ is nilpotent, then $a^{-1}x$ is nilpotent so $1+a^{-1}x$ is a unit, and so is $a+x=a(1+a^{-1}x)$.
### 1.2
Let $A$ be a ring and let $A[x]$ be the ring of polynomials in an indeterminate $x$, with coefficients in $A$. Let $f = a_0 + a_1 x + \cdots + a_n x^n \in A[x]$. Prove that
i) $f$ is a unit in $A[x] \Leftrightarrow a_0$ is a unit in $A$ and $a_1, \dots, a_n$ are nilpotent.
ii) $f$ is nilpotent $\Leftrightarrow a_0, a_1, \dots, a_n$ are nilpotent.
iii) $f$ is a zero-divisor $\Leftrightarrow$ there exists $a \neq 0$ in $A$ such that $af = 0$.
iv) $f$ is said to be **primitive** if $(a_0, a_1, \dots, a_n) = (1)$. Prove that if $f, g \in A[x]$, then $fg$ is primitive $\Leftrightarrow f$ and $g$ are primitive.
Proof: (i) If $a_{0}$ is a unit and $a_{1},\cdots,a_{n}$ are nilpotent, then $a_{i}x^{i}$ are nilpotent in $A[x]$ so by Exercise1.1 $f=a_{0}+\sum_{i=1}^{n}{a_{i}x^{i}}$ is a unit.
If $f$ is a unit with inverse $g=b_{0}+\cdots+b_{m}x^{m}$ where $b_{m}\neq 0$, we prove by induction that $a_{n}^{r+1}b_{m-r}=0\forall 0\leqslant r\leqslant m$. the base $a_{n}b_{m}=0$ is trivial, and if it holds for all $i<r$ then
$$
a_{n}^{r+1}b_{m-r}=-\sum_{i=1}^{r}{a_{n-i}a_{n}^{r}b_{m-r+i}}=0.
$$
Hence $a_{n}^{m+1}b_{0}=0$ where $b_{0}$ is clearly a unit, so $a_{n}$ is nilpotent.
By Exercise1.1, $a_{0}+\cdots+a_{n-1}x^{n-1}$, so by induction $a_{1},\cdots,a_{n}$ are nilpotent and $a_{0}$ is a unit.
(Another proof: For any prime ideal $\mathfrak{p}$, consider $\bar{f}\in A /\mathfrak{p}[x]$, then $A /\mathfrak{p}$ is an integral domain and $\bar{f}$ is a unit implies $\bar{a}_{k}=0\forall 1\leqslant k\leqslant n$ and $a_{0}\not\in \mathfrak{p}$. Hence $a_{k}\in \mathfrak{N}=\bigcap_{\mathfrak{p}}\mathfrak{p}$ and $a_{0}$ is a unit.) 
(ii) If $a_{0},\cdots,a_{n}$ are nilpotent, $f$ is clearly nilpotent. If $f$ is nilpotent, then considering the leading coefficient we obtain $a_{n}$ is nilpotent. Hence $a_{0}+\cdots+a_{n-1}x^{n-1}$ is nilpotent and by induction $a_{0},\cdots,a_{n}$ are nilpotent.
(iii) If $f$ is a zero divisor, take $g\in A[x]$ such that $fg=0$ and $\deg g$ is minimal. $fg=0$ implies $a_{n}b_{m}=0$ so $a_{n}g$ is a polynomial such that $f\cdot(a_{n}g)=0$ and $\deg a_{m}g<\deg g$. Hence $a_{n}g=0$, and likewise $a_{k}b_{m}=0$ implies $a_{k}g=0$, so $a_{k}g=0\forall 0\leqslant k\leqslant n$. Take $a=b_{m}\neq 0$ then $af=0$. The converse is trivial.
(iv) is Gauss Lemma.
### 1.3
Generalize the results of Exercise 2 to a polynomial ring $A[x_1, \dots, x_r]$ in several indeterminates.
Proof: Since $A[x_{1},\cdots,x_{n}]=A[x_{1}]\cdots[x_{n}]$, $f\in A[x_{1},\cdots,x_{n}]$ is nilpotent iff all of its coefficients are nilpotent; $f$ is a unit iff $f(0)$ is an unit and all other coefficients are nilpotent; $f$ is a zero-divisor iff $af=0$ for some $a\in A\backslash\{ 0 \}$.
### 1.4
In the ring $A[x]$, the Jacobson radical is equal to the nilradical.
Proof: If $f\in \mathfrak{R}$ is in the Jacobsan radical, $1+xf$ is a unit implies all coefficient of $f$ are nilpotent (by Exercise1.2), hence $f$ is nilpotent. Therefore $\mathfrak{R}(A[x])=\mathfrak{N}(A[x])$.
### 1.5
Let $A$ be a ring and let $A[[x]]$ be the ring of formal power series $f = \sum_{n=0}^{\infty} a_n x^n$ with coefficients in $A$. Show that
i) $f$ is a unit in $A[[x]] \Leftrightarrow a_0$ is a unit in $A$.
ii) If $f$ is nilpotent, then $a_n$ is nilpotent for all $n \geqslant 0$. Is the converse true? (See Chapter 7, Exercise 2.)
iii) $f$ belongs to the Jacobson radical of $A[[x]] \Leftrightarrow a_0$ belongs to the Jacobson radical of $A$.
iv) The contraction of a maximal ideal $\mathfrak{m}$ of $A[[x]]$ is a maximal ideal of $A$, and $\mathfrak{m}$ is generated by $\mathfrak{m}^c$ and $x$.
v) Every prime ideal of $A$ is the contraction of a prime ideal of $A[[x]]$.
Proof: (i) If $fg=1$ for $g=\sum_{i\geqslant 0}^{}{b_{i}x^{i}}$ then $1=a_{0}b_{0}$ so $a_{0}$ is a unit. If $a_{0}$ is a unit, define $b_{k}$ inductively by $b_{0}=a_{0}^{-1}$ and
$$
b_{k}=-a_{0}^{-1}(b_{0}a_{k}+\cdots+b_{k-1}a_{1})
$$
then $g=\sum_{k\geqslant 0}^{}{b_{k}x^{k}}$ is the inverse of $f$.
(ii) If $f^{n}=0$ then $a_{0}^{n}=0$ so $a_{0}$ and $f-a_{0}$ are nilpotent. By induction we can show that $a_{n}$ and $\sum_{k>n}^{}{a_{k}x^{k}}$ are nilpotent for all $n\geqslant 0$.
The converse is false: Let $A=\mathbb{R}[a_{1},\cdots,a_{n},\cdots] /(a_{1}^{2},\cdots)$ and consider $f\in A[[x]]$, $f=\sum_{n\geqslant 1}^{}{a_{n}x^{n}}$ then $a_{n}$ are nilpotent since $a_{n}^{2}=0\in A$, but the least term in $f^{n}$ is $n!a_{1}a_{2}\cdots a_{n}x^{1+\cdots+n}$ which is non-zero, so $f$ is not nilpotent.
(iii) Note that
$$
f\in \mathfrak{R}(A[[x]])\iff 1+fg\text{ is a unit }\forall g\iff 1+a_{0}b_{0}\text{ is a unit }\forall b_{0}\iff a_{0}\in \mathfrak{R}(A).
$$
(iv) If $x\not\in \mathfrak{m}$, then $\bar{x}$ is a unit in the field $A[[x]] /\mathfrak{m}$, so $xf=1+g$ for some $f\in A[[x]],g\in \mathfrak{m}$. Comparing the constant terms we obtain a contradiction, since $g$ is a nonunit implies $g(0)$ is a nonunit. Hence $x\in \mathfrak{m}$ and $(\mathfrak{m}^{c},x)=\mathfrak{m}$.
If $\mathfrak{n}\subset A$ is maximal, then $A[[x]] /(\mathfrak{n},x)\cong A /\mathfrak{n}$ is a field, so $(\mathfrak{n},x)$ is maximal. Hence take a maximal ideal $\mathfrak{n}$ containing $\mathfrak{m}^{c}$, then $\mathfrak{m}\subset(\mathfrak{n},x)$ implies $m=(\mathfrak{n},x)$ and $\mathfrak{n}=\mathfrak{m}^{c}$. Therefore there is a bijection
$$
\begin{align*}
\{ \text{maximal ideals of }A \}&\to \{ \text{maximal ideals of }A[[x]] \}\\
\mathfrak{n}&\mapsto \mathfrak{n}+(x).
\end{align*}
$$
(v) If $P\subset A$ is a prime ideal, then $P+(x)$ is a prime ideal of $A[[x]]$ whose contraction is $P$.
### 1.6
A ring $A$ is such that every ideal not contained in the nilradical contains a non-zero idempotent (that is, an element $e$ such that $e^2 = e \neq 0$). Prove that the nilradical and Jacobson radical of $A$ are equal.
Proof: Otherwise the Jacobson radical is not contained in the nilradical, so there is an idempotent $x\in A$ that is in every maximal ideal. $x^{2}=x$ implies $x(1-x)=0$ so $1-x$ is a nonunit. Consider a maximal ideal $\mathfrak{m}$ containing $1-x$, then $x\in M$ implies $1\in M$, a contradiction.
### 1.7
Let $A$ be a ring in which every element $x$ satisfies $x^n = x$ for some $n > 1$ (depending on $x$). Show that every prime ideal in $A$ is maximal.
Proof: If $P$ is a prime ideal, then $A /P$ is an integral domain such that $\forall x\in A\exists n,x^{n}=x$. Hence for all $x\neq 0$, $x$ has an inverse $x^{n-2}$ in $A /P$, and $A /P$ is a field. Therefore $P$ is maximal.
### 1.8
Let $A$ be a ring $\neq 0$. Show that the set of prime ideals of $A$ has minimal elements with respect to inclusion.
Proof: Let $\mathcal{A}=\{ S\subset A:0\not\in S,S\text{ multiplicative} \}$ then $\mathcal{A}$ is nonempty ($\{ 1 \}\in \mathcal{A}$) and every chain $\{ S_{\alpha} \}_{\alpha \in I}$ has an upper bound $\bigcup_{\alpha \in I}S_{\alpha}$. Hence by Zorn's lemma $\mathcal{A}$ has a maximal element $S$.
It is well-known that there is a prime ideal $P\subset A$ such that $P\cap S=\emptyset$ (by Zorn's lemma or ring of quotients). If $Q\subsetneq P$ is a smaller prime ideal, then $S\subsetneq A\backslash Q$ where $A\backslash Q\in \mathcal{A}$, a contradiction. Hence $P$ is minimal.
### 1.9
Let $\mathfrak{a}$ be an ideal $\neq (1)$ in a ring $A$. Show that $\mathfrak{a} = r(\mathfrak{a}) \Leftrightarrow \mathfrak{a}$ is an intersection of prime ideals.
Proof: We show that $r(\mathfrak{a})=\bigcap_{\mathfrak{a}\subset P\text{ prime}}P$:
Consider $\pi:A\to A /\mathfrak{a}$, then $\pi(r(\mathfrak{a}))=\mathfrak{N}(A /\mathfrak{a})=\bigcap_{P\subset A /\mathfrak{a}\text{ prime}}P=\bigcap_{\mathfrak{a}\subset P\text{ prime}}\pi(P)$. Hence $r(\mathfrak{a})=\pi ^{-1}\left( \bigcap_{\mathfrak{a}\subset P\text{ prime}} P\right)=\bigcap_{\mathfrak{a}\subset P\text{ prime}}P$.
The converse is trivial.
### 1.10
Let $A$ be a ring, $\mathfrak{N}$ its nilradical. Show that the following are equivalent:
i) $A$ has exactly one prime ideal;
ii) every element of $A$ is either a unit or nilpotent;
iii) $A/\mathfrak{N}$ is a field.
Proof: They are both equivalent to $\mathfrak{N}$ is the unique maximal ideal.
### 1.11
A ring $A$ is **Boolean** if $x^2 = x$ for all $x \in A$. In a Boolean ring $A$, show that
i) $2x = 0$ for all $x \in A$;
ii) every prime ideal $\mathfrak{p}$ is maximal, and $A/\mathfrak{p}$ is a field with two elements;
iii) every finitely generated ideal in $A$ is principal.
Proof: (i) $\forall x,y\in A,x+y=(x+y)^{2}=x^{2}+y^{2}+xy+yx$. Let $y=1_{A}$ then $2x=0\forall x\in A$.
(ii) Analogous to Exercise1.7 $\mathfrak{p}$ is maximal and $A /\mathfrak{p}=\{ 0,1 \}$ since $x^{2}=x\implies x=1$ in the field $A /\mathfrak{p}$.
(iii) Note that $(a,b)=(a+b-ab)$ since $(a+b-ab)a=a$ and $a+b-ab\in(a,b)$. Hence by induction every finitely generated ideal is principal.
### 1.12
A local ring contains no idempotent $\neq 0, 1$.
Proof: If $x\neq 0,1$ is idempotent, then $x(1-x)=0$ so $x,1-x$ are nonunits, belong to the unique maximal ideal $M$. Hence $1=x+(1-x)\in M$, a contradiction.
### 1.13
**Construction of an algebraic closure of a field** (E. Artin).
Let $K$ be a field and let $\Sigma$ be the set of all irreducible monic polynomials $f$ in one indeterminate with coefficients in $K$. Let $A$ be the polynomial ring over $K$ generated by indeterminates $x_f$, one for each $f \in \Sigma$. Let $\mathfrak{a}$ be the ideal of $A$ generated by the polynomials $f(x_f)$ for all $f \in \Sigma$. Show that $\mathfrak{a} \neq (1)$.
Let $\mathfrak{m}$ be a maximal ideal of $A$ containing $\mathfrak{a}$, and let $K_1 = A/\mathfrak{m}$. Then $K_1$ is an extension field of $K$ in which each $f \in \Sigma$ has a root. Repeat the construction with $K_1$ in place of $K$, obtaining a field $K_2$, and so on. Let $L = \bigcup_{n=1}^{\infty} K_n$. Then $L$ is a field in which each $f \in \Sigma$ splits completely into linear factors. Let $\bar{K}$ be the set of all elements of $L$ which are algebraic over $K$. Then $\bar{K}$ is an **algebraic closure** of $K$.
Proof: If $1\in \mathfrak{a}$ then $1=\sum_{k=1}^{n}{a_{k}f_{k}(x_{k})}$ for some $a_{k}\in A$, $f_{k}\in\Sigma$ and $x_{k}=x_{f_{k}}$. Hence there is a finite extension field $E$ over $K$ such that each $f_{k}$ has one root $\alpha_{k}$ in $E$. Consider the $K-$algebra homomorphism $\psi:A\to E$ induced by $x_{k}\mapsto \alpha_{k}$ and mapping other intermediates to $0$. Then $1=\psi(1)=\sum_{k=1}^{n}{\psi(a_{k})f_{k}(\alpha_{k})=0}$, a contradiction.
Clearly $\bar{K}$ is an algebraic extension of $K$. For any polynomial $f\in K[x]$, $f$ splits in $L$ and every root of $f$ is algebraic over $K$, so $f$ splits in $\bar{K}$. Hence $\bar{K}$ is the algebraic closure of $K$.
### 1.14
In a ring $A$, let $\Sigma$ be the set of all ideals in which every element is a zero-divisor. Show that the set $\Sigma$ has maximal elements and that every maximal element of $\Sigma$ is a prime ideal. Hence the set of zero-divisors in $A$ is a union of prime ideals.
Proof: By Zorn's lemma $\Sigma$ has a maximal element. If $I$ is maximal in $\Sigma$, suppose $xy\in I$ while $x,y\not\in I$. $I+(x)$ and $I+(y)$ contain elements $a,b$ that are not zero divisors. However, $xy\in I$ implies $ab\in(I+(x))(I+(y))\subset I$, so $ab$ is a zero divisor, a contradiction.

---
**The prime spectrum of a ring**

### 1.15
Let $A$ be a ring and let $X$ be the set of all prime ideals of $A$. For each subset $E$ of $A$, let $V(E)$ denote the set of all prime ideals of $A$ which contain $E$. Prove that
i) if $\mathfrak{a}$ is the ideal generated by $E$, then $V(E) = V(\mathfrak{a}) = V(r(\mathfrak{a}))$.
ii) $V(0) = X, V(1) = \varnothing$.
iii) if $(E_i)_{i \in I}$ is any family of subsets of $A$, then
$$ V\left(\bigcup_{i \in I} E_i\right) = \bigcap_{i \in I} V(E_i). $$
iv) $V(\mathfrak{a} \cap \mathfrak{b}) = V(\mathfrak{a}\mathfrak{b}) = V(\mathfrak{a}) \cup V(\mathfrak{b})$ for any ideals $\mathfrak{a}, \mathfrak{b}$ of $A$.
These results show that the sets $V(E)$ satisfy the axioms for closed sets in a topological space. The resulting topology is called the **Zariski topology**. The topological space $X$ is called the **prime spectrum** of $A$, and is written Spec $(A)$.
Proof: (i) If a prime ideal $P$ contains $E$, then $P\supset (E)=\mathfrak{a}$, and $\forall a\in r(\mathfrak{a}),a^{n}\in \mathfrak{a}\subset P$ implies $a\in P$, so $r(\mathfrak{a})\subset P$.
(ii) Trivial. (iii) For any $A\in X$, 
$$
P\in V(\bigcup_{i\in I}E_{i})\iff \bigcup_{i\in I}E_{i}\subset P\iff E_{i}\subset P\forall i\in I\iff P\in \bigcap_{i\in I}V(E_{i}).
$$
(iv) If $\mathfrak{ab}\subset P$ then $\mathfrak{a}\subset P$ or $\mathfrak{b}\subset P$, so $V(\mathfrak{ab})\subset V(\mathfrak{a})\cup V(\mathfrak{b})$.
If $P\in V(\mathfrak{a})\cup V(\mathfrak{b})$ suppose $P\in V(\mathfrak{a})$ then $\mathfrak{ab}\subset \mathfrak{a}\subset P$ so $P\in V(\mathfrak{ab})$. Hence $V(\mathfrak{a})\cup V(\mathfrak{b})=V(\mathfrak{ab})$,. $\mathfrak{ab}\subset \mathfrak{a}\cap \mathfrak{b}\subset r(\mathfrak{ab})$ so $V(\mathfrak{ab})=V(\mathfrak{a}\cap \mathfrak{b})$.
### 1.16
Draw pictures of $\mathrm{Spec}(\mathbb{Z})$, Spec $(\mathbb{R})$, $\mathrm{Spec}(\mathbb{C}[x])$, $\mathrm{Spec}(\mathbb{R}[x])$, $\mathrm{Spec}(\mathbb{Z}[x])$.
Solution: $\mathbb{R}$ is a field so $\mathrm{Spec}(\mathbb{R})=\{ 0 \}$ and it is the one-point topology.
$\mathrm{Spec}(\mathbb{Z})=\{ (0) \}\cup \{ (p):p\text{ prime} \}$. $V((n))=\{ (p):p\mid n \}$ so the closed sets are $X$ and finite sets of nonzero prime elements.
Likewise $\mathrm{Spec}(\mathbb{C}[x])=\{ (0) \}\cup \{ (x-c):c\in \mathbb{C} \}$ and closed sets are $\mathbb{C}[x]$ and finite collections of polynomials $x-c$. The case for $\mathrm{Spec}(\mathbb{Z}[x])=\{ (p):p \text{ prime} \}\cup \{ (f):f\text{ irreducible} \}\{ (p,f):p\text{ prime, }f\text{ irreducible in }\mathbb{F}_{p}[x] \}\cup\{ 0 \}$ and $\mathrm{Spec}(\mathbb{R}[x])=\{ (0) \}\cup\{ (f):f\text{ irreducible} \}$ are similar.
### 1.17
For each $f \in A$, let $X_f$ denote the complement of $V(f)$ in $X =\mathrm{Spec}(A)$. The sets $X_f$ are open. Show that they form a basis of open sets for the Zariski topology, and that
i) $X_f \cap X_g = X_{fg}$;
ii) $X_f = \varnothing \Leftrightarrow f$ is nilpotent;
iii) $X_f = X \Leftrightarrow f$ is a unit;
iv) $X_f = X_g \Leftrightarrow r((f)) = r((g))$;
v) $X$ is quasi-compact (that is, every open covering of $X$ has a finite sub-covering).
vi) More generally, each $X_f$ is quasi-compact.
vii) An open subset of $X$ is quasi-compact if and only if it is a finite union of sets $X_f$.
The sets $X_f$ are called **basic open sets** of $X =\mathrm{Spec}(A)$.
Proof: $X=X_{1_{A}}$ and (i) imply $\{ X_{f} \}$ is a basis on $X$. If $X\backslash V(I)$ is an open set in $X$, then 
$$
V(I)=V(\bigcup_{x\in I}(x))=\bigcap_{x\in I}V(x)
$$
so $X\backslash V(I)=\bigcup_{f\in I}X_{f}$ and $\{ X_{f} \}$ generates the Zariski topology.
(i) $X_{f}\cap X_{g}=X\backslash(V(f)\cup V(g))=X\backslash V((f)(g))=X_{fg}$.
(ii) $X_{f}=\emptyset \iff \forall P\text{ prime}, (f)\subset P\iff f\text{ is nilpotent}$.
(iii) $X_{f}=X\iff \forall P\text{ prime}, f\not\in P\iff f\text{ is a unit}$.
(iv) $r((f))=\bigcap_{P\in V(f)}P$ so $X_{f}=X_{g}\implies r((f))=r((g))$. The converse is trivial since $V(f)=V(r((f)))$.
(v) If $X=\bigcup_{I\in \mathscr{A}}X\backslash V(I)$ then $\emptyset=\bigcap_{I\in \mathscr{A}}V(I)=V\left( \bigcup_{I\in \mathscr{A}}I \right)$. Hence $1\in \sum_{I\in \mathscr{A}}^{}{I}$ so there is a finite subset $\mathscr{B}\subset \mathscr{A}$ such that $1\in \sum_{I\in \mathscr{B}}^{}{I}$, and $X=\bigcup_{I\in \mathscr{B}}X\backslash V(I)$.
(vi) If $X_{f}\subset \bigcup_{I\in \mathscr{A}}X\backslash V(I)$ then $V\left( \bigcup_{I\in \mathscr{A}}I \right)=\bigcap_{I\in \mathscr{A}}V(I)\subset V(f)$. Hence $f^{n}\in \sum_{I\in \mathscr{A}}^{}{I}$ for some $n\geqslant 1$, and liekwise there is a finite subset $\mathscr{B}\subset \mathscr{A}$ such that $f^{n}\in \sum_{I\in \mathscr{B}}^{}{I}$ and $X_{f}\subset \bigcup_{I\in \mathscr{B}}X\backslash V(I)$.
(vii) If $X\backslash V(I)$ is open and quasi-compact, then $X_{f}$ is a basis of $X$ so $X\backslash V(I)$ is.the union of $X_{f}$. Hence it is the finite union of $X_{f}$. The converse is trivial.
### 1.18
For psychological reasons it is sometimes convenient to denote a prime ideal of $A$ by a letter such as $x$ or $y$ when thinking of it as a point of $X =$ Spec $(A)$. When thinking of $x$ as a prime ideal of $A$, we denote it by $\mathfrak{p}_x$ (logically, of course, it is the same thing). Show that
i) the set $\{x\}$ is closed (we say that $x$ is a "closed point") in Spec $(A) \Leftrightarrow \mathfrak{p}_x$ is maximal;
ii) $\overline{\{x\}} = V(\mathfrak{p}_x)$;
iii) $y \in \overline{\{x\}} \Leftrightarrow \mathfrak{p}_x \subseteq \mathfrak{p}_y$;
iv) $X$ is a $T_0$-space (this means that if $x, y$ are distinct points of $X$, then either there is a neighborhood of $x$ which does not contain $y$, or else there is a neighborhood of $y$ which does not contain $x$).
Proof: (i) $\{ x \}$ is closed iff $\{ x \}=V(E)$ for some $E\subset A$. If $\mathfrak{p}_{x}$ is maximal, $V(\mathfrak{p}_{x})=\{ x \}$. If $V(E)=\{ x \}$, take a maximal ideal $P$ containing $x$, then $E\subset \mathfrak{p}_{x}\subset P$ so $P\in V(E)$ hence $\mathfrak{p}_{x}=P$ is prime.
(ii) Clearly $V(\mathfrak{p}_{x})$ is closed and $x\in V(\mathfrak{p}_{x})$. If $\{ x \}\subset V(E)$ then $\forall y\in V(\mathfrak{p}_{x})$, $E\subset x=\mathfrak{p}_{x}\subset y$, so $V(\mathfrak{p}_{x})\subset V(E)$. Hence $\overline{\{ x \}}=V(\mathfrak{p}_{x})$.
(iii) $y\in \overline{\{ x \}}\iff y\in V(\mathfrak{p}_{x})\iff \mathfrak{p}_{x}\subset \mathfrak{p}_{y}$.
(iv) if $x\neq y\in X$ either $\mathfrak{p}_{x}\not⊂ \mathfrak{p}_{y}$ or $\mathfrak{p}_{y}\not⊂ \mathfrak{p}_{x}$. Suppose $\mathfrak{p}_{x}\not\subset \mathfrak{p}_{y}$ then $y\not\in \overline{\{ x \}}$ so $U=X\backslash \overline{\{ x \}}$ is a neighborhood of $y$ which does not contains $x$.
### 1.19
A topological space $X$ is said to be **irreducible** if $X \neq \varnothing$ and if every pair of non-empty open sets in $X$ intersect, or equivalently if every non-empty open set is dense in $X$. Show that $\mathrm{Spec}(A)$ is irreducible if and only if the nilradical of $A$ is a prime ideal.
Proof: If the nilradical $\mathfrak{N}$ is prime, then for any non-empty open set $X\backslash V(E)$, there is a prime ideal $P$ such that $E\not\subset P$, so $E\not\subset \mathfrak{N}$ and $\mathfrak{N}\in X\backslash V(E)$. Hence $\mathrm{Spec}(A)$ is irreducible.
Conversely if $\mathrm{Spec}(A)$ is irreducible, for any $xy\in \mathfrak{N}$, $V_{xy}=X$ so $X_{x}\cap X_{y}=X_{xy}=\emptyset$. Hence either $X_{x}=\emptyset$ or $X_{y}=\emptyset$, which implies either $x\in \mathfrak{N}$ or $y\in \mathfrak{N}$. Therefore $\mathfrak{N}$ is a prime ideal.
### 1.20
Let $X$ be a topological space.
i) If $Y$ is an irreducible (Exercise 19) subspace of $X$, then the closure $\bar{Y}$ of $Y$ in $X$ is irreducible.
ii) Every irreducible subspace of $X$ is contained in a maximal irreducible subspace.
iii) The maximal irreducible subspaces of $X$ are closed and cover $X$. They are called the **irreducible components** of $X$. What are the irreducible components of a Hausdorff space?
iv) If $A$ is a ring and $X =\mathrm{Spec}(A)$ then the irreducible components of $X$ are the closed sets $V(\mathfrak{p})$, where $\mathfrak{p}$ is a minimal prime ideal of $A$ (Exercise 8).
Proof: (i) If $U,V\subset \overline{Y}$ are non-empty, then by definition of closure $U\cap Y,V\cap Y$ are non-empty. Since $Y$ is irreducible, $(U\cap Y)\cap(V\cap Y)\neq \emptyset$ so $U\cap V\neq \emptyset$ and $\bar{Y}$ is irreducible.
(ii) Trivial by Zorn's lemma.
(iii) By (i) they are closed and clearly they cover $X$. The irreducible components of a Hausdorff space is singleton sets.
(iv) If $\mathfrak{p}$ is a prime ideal, then $V(\mathfrak{p})$ is irreducible since every open set $X\backslash V(E)$ that is not disjoint from $V(\mathfrak{p})$ must contain $\mathfrak{p}$.
If $V(I)$ is irreducible, we can assume $I=r(I)\supset \mathfrak{N}$. For any $ab\in I$, if $a,b\not\in I$, then $a\not\in \mathfrak{N}$ so there is a prime ideal $P$ such that $I\subset P$ and $P\cap S=\emptyset$ where $S=\{ a^{n}:n\geqslant 1 \}$ is multiplicative. Hence $P\in X_{a}\cap V(I)$. Likewise we obtain $X_{a}\cap V(I),X_{b}\cap V(I)\neq \emptyset$, but $(X_{a}\cap V(I))\cap(X_{b}\cap V(I))=X_{ab}\cap V(I)=\emptyset$, a contradiction. So $I$ is prime.
Therefore there there is a correspondence between prime ideals and irreducible subspaces. Clearly maximal irreducible subspace is equivalent to minimal prime ideal.
### 1.21
Let $\phi: A \to B$ be a ring homomorphism. Let $X =\mathrm{Spec}(A)$ and $Y =\mathrm{Spec}(B)$. If $\mathfrak{q} \in Y$, then $\phi^{-1}(\mathfrak{q})$ is a prime ideal of $A$, i.e., a point of $X$. Hence $\phi$ induces a mapping $\phi^*: Y \to X$. Show that
i) If $f \in A$ then $\phi^{*-1}(X_f) = Y_{\phi(f)}$, and hence that $\phi^*$ is continuous.
ii) If $\mathfrak{a}$ is an ideal of $A$, then $\phi^{*-1}(V(\mathfrak{a})) = V(\mathfrak{a}^e)$.
iii) If $\mathfrak{b}$ is an ideal of $B$, then $\overline{\phi^*(V(\mathfrak{b}))} = V(\mathfrak{b}^c)$.
iv) If $\phi$ is surjective, then $\phi^*$ is a homeomorphism of $Y$ onto the closed subset $V(\text{Ker } (\phi))$ of $X$. (In particular, $\mathrm{Spec}(A)$ and $\mathrm{Spec}(A/\mathfrak{N})$ (where $\mathfrak{N}$ is the nilradical of $A$) are naturally homeomorphic.)
v) If $\phi$ is injective, then $\phi^*(Y)$ is dense in $X$. More precisely, $\phi^*(Y)$ is dense in $X \Leftrightarrow \text{Ker } (\phi) \subseteq \mathfrak{N}$.
vi) Let $\psi: B \to C$ be another ring homomorphism. Then $(\psi \circ \phi)^* = \phi^* \circ \psi^*$.
vii) Let $A$ be an integral domain with just one non-zero prime ideal $\mathfrak{p}$, and let $K$ be the field of fractions of $A$. Let $B = (A/\mathfrak{p}) \times K$. Define $\phi: A \to B$ by $\phi(x) = (\bar{x}, x)$, where $\bar{x}$ is the image of $x$ in $A/\mathfrak{p}$. Show that $\phi^*$ is bijective but not a homeomorphism.
Proof: (i) If $\mathfrak{q}\in Y_{\phi(f)}$ then $\phi(f)\not\in \mathfrak{q}$ implies $f\not\in\phi ^{-1}(\mathfrak{q})$ so $\phi ^{*}(\mathfrak{q})=\phi ^{-1}(\mathfrak{q})\in X_{f}$. If $\mathfrak{q}\not\in Y_{\phi(f)}$, similar arguments imply $f\in\phi ^{*}(\mathfrak{q})$, so $\phi ^{*}(\mathfrak{q})\not\in X_{f}$. Hence $\phi ^{*-1}(X_{f})=Y_{\phi(f)}$.
(ii) $\mathfrak{q}\in V(\mathfrak{a}^{e})\iff \mathfrak{a}^{e}\subset \mathfrak{q}\iff \mathfrak{a}\subset\phi ^{*}(\mathfrak{q})=\phi ^{-1}(\mathfrak{q})\iff\phi ^{*}(\mathfrak{q})\in V_{a}$ so $\phi ^{*-1}(V(\mathfrak{a}))=V(\mathfrak{a}^{e})$.
(iii) If $\mathfrak{p}\in V(\mathfrak{b})$ then $\mathfrak{b}\subset \mathfrak{p}$ so $\mathfrak{b}^{c}=\phi ^{-1}(\mathfrak{b})\subset\phi ^{-1}(\mathfrak{p})=\phi ^{*}(\mathfrak{p})$. Hence $\phi ^{*}(\mathfrak{p})\in V(\mathfrak{b}^{c})$ and $\phi ^{*}(V(\mathfrak{b}))\subset V(\mathfrak{b}^{e})$ where the latter is closed.
If $\phi ^{*}(V(\mathfrak{b}))\subset V(I)$ then $V(\mathfrak{b})\subset\phi ^{*-1}(V(I))=V(I^{e})$, so $I^{e}\subset r(\mathfrak{b})$. Hence $I\subset\phi ^{-1}(I^{e})\subset\phi ^{-1}(r(\mathfrak{b}))=r(\phi ^{-1}(\mathfrak{b}))=r(\mathfrak{b}^{c})$. Therefore $V(\mathfrak{b})^{c}\subset V(I)$, and $V(\mathfrak{b}^{c})=\overline{\phi ^{*}(V(\mathfrak{b}))}$.
(iv) $\phi$ is surjective implies $\phi ^{*}$ is a bijection from $Y$ to the prime ideals in $X$ containing $\mathrm{Ker}\phi$, i.e. $V(\mathrm{Ker}\phi)$.
Analogous to (i) we can show that $\phi ^{*}(Y_{g})=X_{\phi ^{-1}(g)}\in V(\mathrm{Ker}\phi)\forall g\in B$ so $\phi ^{*}$ is a homeomorphism from $Y$ to $V(\mathrm{Ker}\phi)$.
(v) $\overline{\phi ^{*}(Y)}=\overline{\phi ^{*}(V(0))}=V(0^{c})=V(\mathrm{Ker}\phi)$. Hence $X=\overline{\phi ^{*}(Y)}\iff \mathrm{Ker}\phi \subset \mathfrak{N}$.
(vi) $\forall I\subset C$, $(\psi \circ\phi)^{*}(C)=(\psi\circ\phi)^{-1}(C)=\phi ^{-1}(\psi ^{-1}(C))$ and $\phi ^{*}\circ\psi ^{*}(C)=\phi ^{*}(\psi ^{-1}(C))=\phi ^{-1}(\psi ^{-1}(C))$.
(vii) $A$ has a unique non-zero prime ideal implies $\mathrm{Spec}(A)=\{ 0,\mathfrak{p} \}$ and $A /\mathfrak{p}$ has no non-zero prime ideals. Hence $\mathrm{Spec}(B)=\{ 0\times K,A /\mathfrak{p}\times 0 \}$. $\phi ^{*}(0\times K)=\mathfrak{p}$ and $\phi ^{*}(A /\mathfrak{p}\times 0)=0$ so $\phi ^{*}$ is bijective, but $\mathrm{Spec}(A)$ is non-Hausdorff ($\{ 0 \}$ is not open) while $\mathrm{Spec}(B)$ is Hausdorff (the discrete topology), hence $\phi ^{*}$ is not a homeomorphism.
### 1.22
Let $A = \prod_{i=1}^n A_i$ be the direct product of rings $A_i$. Show that $\mathrm{Spec}(A)$ is the disjoint union of open (and closed) subspaces $X_i$, where $X_i$ is canonically homeomorphic with $\mathrm{Spec}(A_i)$.
Conversely, let $A$ be any ring. Show that the following statements are equivalent:
i) $X =\mathrm{Spec}(A)$ is disconnected.
ii) $A \cong A_1 \times A_2$ where neither of the rings $A_1, A_2$ is the zero ring.
iii) $A$ contains an idempotent $\neq 0, 1$.
In particular, the spectrum of a local ring is always connected (Exercise 12).
Proof: Let $\pi_{k}:A\to A_{k}$ be the canonical projection, and $\mathfrak{b}_{k}=\mathrm{Ker}\pi_{k}\cong \prod_{j\neq k}^{}{A_{j}}$, then by Exercise1.21 $\pi ^{*}$ is a homeomorphism from $\mathrm{Spec}(A_{k})$ to $V(\mathfrak{b}_{k})$.
Clearly $0=\bigcap_{k=1}^{n}\mathfrak{b}_{k}$ so $X=V(0)=\bigcup_{k=1}^{n}V(\mathfrak{b}_{k})$, and $X$ is the disjoint union of closed (and open, since finite) sets homeomorphic to $\mathrm{Spec}(A_{k})$.
(ii)=>(i): If $A\cong A_{1}\times A_{2}$ and $A_{1},A_{2}\neq 0$, then $\mathrm{Spec}(A_{1}),\mathrm{Spec}(A_{2})\neq \emptyset$, and they are both closed and open. Hence $\mathrm{Spec}(A)$ is disconnected.
(iii)=>(ii): If $x\neq 0,1$ is idempotent, let $A_{1}=(x)$ and $A_{2}=(1-x)$, then $1=x+(1-x)$ so $A=A_{1}+A_{2}$. If $rx=t(1-x)\in A_{1}\cap A_{2}$, then $rx=rx^{2}=t(1-x)x=0$ so $A_{1}\cap A_{2}=0$. Hence $A=A_{1}\oplus A_{2}$.
(i)=>(iii): If $\mathrm{Spec}(A)$ is disconnected, then it is the union of disjoint closed sets $V(\mathfrak{a}),V(\mathfrak{b})$. $\emptyset=V(\mathfrak{a})\cap V(\mathfrak{b})=V(\mathfrak{a}+\mathfrak{b})$ implies $1\in \mathfrak{a}+\mathfrak{b}$, and $X=V(\mathfrak{a})\cup V(\mathfrak{b})=V(\mathfrak{a}\mathfrak{b})$ implies $\mathfrak{a}\mathfrak{b}\subset \mathfrak{N}$. Take $a\in \mathfrak{a},b\in \mathfrak{b}$ such that $1=a+b$, then $ab\in \mathfrak{N}$ implies $(ab)^{n}=0$ for some $n\geqslant 1$. Hence $1\in((a)+(b))^{2n}\subset(a^{n})+(b^{n})$ so there exists $e\in(a^{n})$ such that $1-e\in(b^{n})$. Then $e(1-e)\in(a^{n})(b^{n})=0$ so $e^{2}=e$, and $a,b\neq 1$ implies $e\neq 0,1$.
### 1.23
Let $A$ be a Boolean ring (Exercise 11), and let $X =\mathrm{Spec}(A)$.
i) For each $f \in A$, the set $X_f$ (Exercise 17) is both open and closed in $X$.
ii) Let $f_1, \dots, f_n \in A$. Show that $X_{f_1} \cup \dots \cup X_{f_n} = X_f$ for some $f \in A$.
iii) The sets $X_f$ are the only subsets of $X$ which are both open and closed.
iv) $X$ is a compact Hausdorff space.
Proof: (i) By definition $X_{f}$ is open. We show that $X_{f}=X_{1-f}^{C}$ then $X_{f}$ is closed: If $P$ is a prime ideal, then $1\not\in P$ so $f\in P\implies 1-f\not\in P$. Since $f(1-f)=0\in P$, $f\not\in P\implies 1-f\in P$. Hence $V(f)^{C}=V(1-f)$, and $X_{f}=X_{1-f}^{C}$.
(ii) By Exercise1.11 $(f_{1},\cdots,f_{n})$ is finitely generated hence principal. Suppose $(f)=(f_{1},\cdots,f_{n})$, then $V(f)=V\left( \sum_{i=1}^{n}{(f_{i})} \right)=\bigcap_{i=1}^{n}V(f_{i})$ so $X_{f}=X_{f_{1}}\cup..\cup X_{f_{n}}$.
(iii) If $Y\subset X$ is both open and closed, $Y=\bigcup_{i\in I}X_{f_{i}}$ for some $\{ f_{i}:i\in I \}$ since $\{ X_{f} \}$ form a basis of $X$. Since $Y$ is the closed subset of the quasi-compact space $X$ (Exercise1.17), $Y$ is quasi-compact, and there is a finite subset $J\subset I$ such that $Y=\bigcup_{j\in J}X_{f_{j}}$. By (ii) $Y=X_{f}$ for some $f\in A$.
(iv) If $\mathfrak{p}\neq \mathfrak{q}\in X$, suppose $\mathfrak{p}\not\subset \mathfrak{q}$. Take $f\in \mathfrak{p}\backslash \mathfrak{q}$, then $\mathfrak{q}\in X_{f}$ and $\mathfrak{p}\in X_{f}^{c}$ are disjoint open sets, so $X$ is Hausdorff. Compactness is proved in Exercise1.17.
### 1.24
Let $L$ be a lattice, in which the sup and inf of two elements $a, b$ are denoted by $a \vee b$ and $a \wedge b$ respectively. $L$ is a **Boolean lattice** (or **Boolean algebra**) if
i) $L$ has a least element and a greatest element (denoted by $0, 1$ respectively).
ii) Each of $\vee, \wedge$ is distributive over the other.
iii) Each $a \in L$ has a unique "complement" $a' \in L$ such that $a \vee a' = 1$ and $a \wedge a' = 0$.
(For example, the set of all subsets of a set, ordered by inclusion, is a Boolean lattice.)
Let $L$ be a Boolean lattice. Define addition and multiplication in $L$ by the rules
$$ a + b = (a \wedge b') \vee (a' \wedge b), \qquad ab = a \wedge b. $$
Verify that in this way $L$ becomes a Boolean ring, say $A(L)$.
Conversely, starting from a Boolean ring $A$, define an ordering on $A$ as follows: $a \leqslant b$ means that $a = ab$. Show that, with respect to this ordering, $A$ is a Boolean lattice. In this way we obtain a one-to-one correspondence between (isomorphism classes of) Boolean rings and (isomorphism classes of) Boolean lattices.
Proof: (i) Suppose $L$ is a Boolean lattice. 
It is easy to verify that $a+b=(a\wedge b^{\prime})\vee(a^{\prime}\wedge b)$ has complement $(a^{\prime}\wedge b^{\prime})\vee(a\wedge b)$, and $a\vee b$ has complement $a^{\prime}\wedge b^{\prime}$.
Since $\vee$ and $\wedge$ are commutative, so are $+$ and $\times$. Note that
$$
\begin{align}
(a+b)+c & =((a+b)\wedge c^{\prime})\vee((a+b)^{\prime}\wedge c) \\
 & = (((a\wedge b^{\prime})\vee(a^{\prime}\wedge b))\wedge c^{\prime})\vee(((a^{\prime}\wedge b^{\prime})\vee(a\wedge b))\wedge c) \\
  & =(a\wedge b^{\prime}\wedge c^{\prime})\vee(a^{\prime}\wedge b\wedge c^{\prime})\vee(a^{\prime}\wedge b^{\prime}\wedge c)\vee(a\wedge b\wedge c).
\end{align}
$$
Hence addition is associative. Clearly multiplication is associative.
Clearly $0,1$ are the zero and identity of $L$. The additive inverse of $a$ is $a^{\prime}$, so $(L,+)$ is an Abelian group.
If $a,b,c\in L$, then
$$
\begin{align}
ac+bc & =((a\wedge c)\wedge(b\wedge c)^{\prime})\vee((a\wedge c)^{\prime}\wedge(b\wedge c)) \\
 & =(a\wedge b^{\prime}\wedge c)\vee(a^{\prime}\wedge b\wedge c) =(a+b)\wedge c=(a+b)c.
\end{align}
$$
Hence $(L,+,\cdot)$ is a ring. Clearly $a^{2}=a$ for all $a\in L$, so $L$ is a Boolean ring.
(ii) Conversely, suppose $A$ is a Boolean ring, consider the order $a\leqslant b\iff a=ab$. Clearly $a^{2}=a\implies a\leqslant a$, if $a\leqslant b\leqslant a$ then $a=ab=b$, and if $a\leqslant b\leqslant c$ then $a=ab=abc=ac$ so $a\leqslant c$. Hence $\leqslant$ is an ordering on $A$.
Define the binary sup and inf on $A$ as $a\vee b=a+b+ab$ and $a\wedge b=ab$. Then $a\wedge b\leqslant a,b$, and $c\leqslant a,b$ implies $c(a\wedge b)=cab=c b=c$, so $c\leqslant a\wedge b$ and $a\wedge b$ is indeed the infima of $\{ a,b \}$; $a,b\leqslant a+b+ab$ since $a(a+b+ab)=a^{2}+ab+ab=a$, and $a,b\leqslant c$ implies $(a+b+ab)c=ac+bc+abc=3c=c$, so $a\vee b\leqslant c$ and $a\vee b$ is indeed the suprema of $\{ a,b \}$.
The least element is $0$, the greatest is $1$, and if $a\in A$, it has a unique complement $a^{\prime}=1-a$. 
If $a,b,c\in A$, then
$$
\begin{align}
(a\vee c)\wedge(b\vee c) & =(ac+a+c)(bc+b+c)=3abc+ab+2bc+2ac+c\\
 & =ab+c+abc =(a\wedge b)\vee c
\end{align}
$$
and
$$
(a\wedge c)\vee(b\wedge c)=abc+ac+bc=(a\wedge b)\vee c.
$$
So $\wedge,\vee$ distribute over each other. Hence $A$ is a Boolean ring $R(L)$.
(iii) Now we show $A^{\prime}=R(L(A))$ is equal to $A$: Clearly $\cdot_{A^{\prime}}=\wedge_{L(A)}=\cdot_{A}$, $0_{A^{\prime}}=0_{A},1_{A^{\prime}}=1_{A}$, and
$$
\begin{align}
a+_{A^{\prime}}b & =(a\wedge_{L}b^{\prime})\vee_{L}(a^{\prime}\wedge_{L}b)=a(1-b)+(1-a)b+a(1-a)b(1-b) \\
 & =a-ab+b-ab+0=a+_{A}b.
\end{align}
$$
Hence $A=A^{\prime}$. Analogously we have $L^{\prime}=L(R(L))=L$.
### 1.25
From the last two exercises deduce Stone's theorem, that every Boolean lattice is isomorphic to the lattice of open-and-closed subsets of some compact Hausdorff topological space.
Proof: Given a Boolean lattice $L$, make it into a ring as in Exercise1.24, then $X=\mathrm{Spec}(L)$ is a compact Hausdorff space. The map $\Phi:f\mapsto X_{f}$ gives a correspondence from $L$ to the open-and-closed subsets of $X$. Clearly $\Phi$ is surjective, and by Exercise1.17 $X_{f}=X_{g}\iff r((f))=r((g))\iff(f)=(g)\iff f=g$, since the only unit in $L$ is $1$. Hence $\Phi$ is bijective.
If $f\leqslant g$ then $f=fg$ so $(f)=(fg)\subset(g)$ and $X_{f}\subset X_{g}$. If $X_{f}\subset X_{g}$ then $r((f))\subset r((g))$ so $(f)\subset (g)$ and $f=fg$. Hence the two lattices are isomorphic.
### 1.26
Let $A$ be a ring. The subspace of $\text{Spec}(A)$ consisting of the **maximal** ideals of $A$, with the induced topology, is called the **maximal spectrum** of $A$ and is denoted by $\text{Max}(A)$. For arbitrary commutative rings it does not have the nice functorial properties of $\text{Spec}(A)$ (see Exercise 21), because the inverse image of a maximal ideal under a ring homomorphism need not be maximal.
Let $X$ be a compact Hausdorff space and let $C(X)$ denote the ring of all real-valued continuous functions on $X$ (add and multiply functions by adding and multiplying their values). For each $x \in X$, let $\mathfrak{m}_x$ be the set of all $f \in C(X)$ such that $f(x) = 0$. The ideal $\mathfrak{m}_x$ is maximal, because it is the kernel of the (surjective) homomorphism $C(X) \to \mathbb{R}$ which takes $f$ to $f(x)$. If $\tilde{X}$ denotes $\text{Max}(C(X))$, we have therefore defined a mapping $\mu : X \to \tilde{X}$, namely $x \mapsto \mathfrak{m}_x$.
We shall show that $\mu$ is a homeomorphism of $X$ onto $\tilde{X}$.
i) Let $\mathfrak{m}$ be any maximal ideal of $C(X)$, and let $V = V(\mathfrak{m})$ be the set of common zeros of the functions in $\mathfrak{m}$: that is,
$$
V = \{ x \in X : f(x) = 0 \text{ for all } f \in \mathfrak{m} \}.
$$
Suppose that $V$ is empty. Then for each $x \in X$ there exists $f_x \in \mathfrak{m}$ such that $f_x(x) \neq 0$. Since $f_x$ is continuous, there is an open neighborhood $U_x$ of $x$ in $X$ on which $f_x$ does not vanish. By compactness a finite number of the neighborhoods, say $U_{x_1}, \dots, U_{x_n}$, cover $X$. Let
$$
f = f_{x_1}^2 + \dots + f_{x_n}^2.
$$
Then $f$ does not vanish at any point of $X$, hence is a unit in $C(X)$. But this contradicts $f \in \mathfrak{m}$, hence $V$ is not empty.
Let $x$ be a point of $V$. Then $\mathfrak{m} \subseteq \mathfrak{m}_x$, hence $\mathfrak{m} = \mathfrak{m}_x$ because $\mathfrak{m}$ is maximal. Hence $\mu$ is surjective.
ii) By Urysohn's lemma (this is the only non-trivial fact required in the argument) the continuous functions separate the points of $X$. Hence $x \neq y \Rightarrow \mathfrak{m}_x \neq \mathfrak{m}_y$, and therefore $\mu$ is injective.
iii) Let $f \in C(X)$; let
$$
U_f = \{ x \in X : f(x) \neq 0 \}
$$
and let
$$
\tilde{U}_f = \{ \mathfrak{m} \in \tilde{X} : f \notin \mathfrak{m} \}
$$
Show that $\mu(U_f) = \tilde{U}_f$. The open sets $U_f$ (resp. $\tilde{U}_f$) form a basis of the topology of $X$ (resp. $\tilde{X}$) and therefore $\mu$ is a homeomorphism.
Thus $X$ can be reconstructed from the ring of functions $C(X)$.
Proof: (iii) $x\in U_{f}\iff f(x)\neq 0\iff f\not\in \mathfrak{m}_{x}\iff \mathfrak{m}_{x}\in \tilde{U}_{f}$ so $\mu(U_{f})=\tilde{U}_{f}$. $\tilde{U}_{f}=X_{f}\cap \tilde{X}$ is a basis of $\tilde{X}$. For any open set $O\subset X$ and $x\in O$, $X$ is compact Hausdorff hence normal, and by Urysohn's lemma there is an $f\in C(X)$ such that $f(x)=1$ and $f(O^{C})=0$. Then $x\in U_{f}\subset O$, so $U_{f}$ form a basis of $X$. Therefore $\mu$ is a bijective continuous open map, so $\mu$ is a homeomorphism from $X$ to $\tilde{X}$.

---
**Affine algebraic varieties**
### 1.27
Let $k$ be an algebraically closed field and let
$$
f_\alpha(t_1, \dots, t_n) = 0
$$
be a set of polynomial equations in $n$ variables with coefficients in $k$. The set $X$ of all points $x = (x_1, \dots, x_n) \in k^n$ which satisfy these equations is an **affine algebraic variety**.
Consider the set of all polynomials $g \in k[t_1, \dots, t_n]$ with the property that $g(x) = 0$ for all $x \in X$. This set is an ideal $I(X)$ in the polynomial ring, and is called the **ideal of the variety** $X$. The quotient ring
$$
P(X) = k[t_1, \dots, t_n]/I(X)
$$
is the ring of polynomial functions on $X$, because two polynomials $g, h$ define the same polynomial function on $X$ if and only if $g - h$ vanishes at every point of $X$, that is, if and only if $g - h \in I(X)$.
Let $\xi_i$ be the image of $t_i$ in $P(X)$. The $\xi_i$ ($1 \leqslant i \leqslant n$) are the **coordinate functions** on $X$: if $x \in X$, then $\xi_i(x)$ is the $i^{th}$ coordinate of $x$. $P(X)$ is generated as a $k$-algebra by the coordinate functions, and is called the **coordinate ring** (or **affine algebra**) of $X$.
As in Exercise 26, for each $x \in X$ let $\mathfrak{m}_x$ be the ideal of all $f \in P(X)$ such that $f(x) = 0$; it is a maximal ideal of $P(X)$. Hence, if $\tilde{X} = \text{Max}(P(X))$, we have defined a mapping $\mu : X \to \tilde{X}$, namely $x \mapsto \mathfrak{m}_x$.
It is easy to show that $\mu$ is injective: if $x \neq y$, we must have $x_i \neq y_i$ for some $i$ ($1 \leqslant i \leqslant n$), and hence $\xi_i - x_i$ is in $\mathfrak{m}_x$ but not in $\mathfrak{m}_y$, so that $\mathfrak{m}_x \neq \mathfrak{m}_y$. What is less obvious (but still true) is that $\mu$ is **surjective**. This is one form of Hilbert's Nullstellensatz (see Chapter 7).
### 1.28
Let $f_1, \dots, f_m$ be elements of $k[t_1, \dots, t_n]$. They determine a **polynomial mapping** $\phi: k^n \to k^m$: if $x \in k^n$, the coordinates of $\phi(x)$ are $f_1(x), \dots, f_m(x)$.
Let $X, Y$ be affine algebraic varieties in $k^n, k^m$ respectively. A mapping $\phi: X \to Y$ is said to be **regular** if $\phi$ is the restriction to $X$ of a polynomial mapping from $k^n$ to $k^m$.
If $\eta$ is a polynomial function on $Y$, then $\eta \circ \phi$ is a polynomial function on $X$. Hence $\phi$ induces a $k$-algebra homomorphism $P(Y) \to P(X)$, namely $\eta \mapsto \eta \circ \phi$. Show that in this way we obtain a one-to-one correspondence between the regular mappings $X \to Y$ and the $k$-algebra homomorphisms $P(Y) \to P(X)$.
[[TODO]]