## PSA
#### A1) Given $f:(a,x_{0})\cup(x_{0},b)\to \mathbb{R}$, then $\lim_{ x \to x_{0} }f(x)$ exists iff for any $\varepsilon>0$, there exists $\delta>0$ such that for any $x_{1},x_{2}\in(x_{0}-\delta,x_{0}+\delta)$, $\lvert f(x_{1})-f(x_{2}) \rvert<\varepsilon$.
Proof: <== Let $x_{n}=x_{0}+1 /n$, then $\{ f(x_{n}) \}$ form a Cauchy sequence, hence $f(x_{0})=\lim_{ n \to \infty }f(x_{n})$ exists. For any $\varepsilon>0$, there exists $N,\delta>0$ such that for any $x,y\in(x_{0}-\delta,x_{0}+\delta),\lvert f(x)-f(y) \rvert<\varepsilon$ and for any $n>N$, $\lvert f(x_{n})-f(x_{0}) \rvert<\varepsilon$, hence let $\delta^{\prime}=\min\{ \delta,1 /N \}$, then for any $x\in(x_{0}-\delta^{\prime},x_{0}+\delta^{\prime})$, 
$$\lvert f(x)-f(x_{0}) \rvert\leqslant \lvert f(x)-f(x_{N}) \rvert+\lvert f(x_{N})-f(x_{0}) \rvert<2\varepsilon.$$
Hence $\lim_{ x \to x_{0} }f(x)=f(x_{0})$ exists.
==> For any $\varepsilon>0$ there exists $\delta>0$ such that for any $x\in(x_{0}-\delta,x_{0}+\delta)$, $\lvert f(x)-f(x_{0}) \rvert<\varepsilon$, hence for any $x,y\in(x_{0}-\delta,x_{0}+\delta)$, $\lvert f(x)-f(y) \rvert<2\varepsilon$. 
#### A2) Suppose $I$ is an interval (not a point), prove that the linear space $C(I)$ on $\mathbb{R}$ is of infinite dimension.
Proof: $C(I)$ contains the subspace of all polynomials, hence is of infinite dimension.
#### A3) Suppose $f:X\to Y$ and $g:Y\to Z$ are both continuous, prove that $g\circ f:X\to Z$ is also continuous.
Proof: For any open set $U\in Z$, $g^{-1}(U)\subset Y$ is an open set, and $f^{-1}(g^{-1}(U))\subset X$ is an open set, hence $(g\circ f)^{-1}(U)$ is an open set in $X$ and therefore $g\circ f$ is continuous on $X$.
#### A4) Suppose $(X,d_{X})$ and $(Y,d_{Y})$ are metric spaces, $f:X\to Y$ is continuous. If $d_{X}^{\prime}$ and $d_{X}$ are equivalent metrics, and so are $d_{Y}^{\prime}$ and $d_{Y}$, then in the spaces $(X,d_{X}^{\prime})$ and $(Y,d_{Y}^{\prime})$, $f$ is also continuous.
Proof: The topology generated by equivalent metrics are the same.
#### A5) The mapping $f:X\to \mathbb{R}^{n}$ can be written in the form
$$
f:X\to \mathbb{R}^{n},\,x\mapsto f(x)=(f_{1}(x),f_{2}(x),\cdots,f_{n}(x)).
$$
Prove that $f$ is continuous iff $f_{i}$ is continuous for every $i=1,2,\cdots,n$.
Proof: Since $f$ is continuous iff $\forall x_{n}\to x, f(x_{n})\to f(x)$, and $\{ x_{k}=(x_{k}^{(1)},\cdots,x_{k}^{(n)}) \}_{k\geqslant 1}$ converges iff every $\{ x_{k}^{(i)} \}_{k\geqslant 1}$ converges, $f$ is continuous iff every $f_{i}$ is continuous.
#### A6) Suppose $(X,d_{X})$ is a metric space, $(V,\|\cdot\|)$ is a normed linear space. $f:X\to V$ and $g:X\to V$ are continuous mappings. Prove that $f\pm g:X\to V$ is continuous. If $V=\mathbb{C}$ then $f\cdot g:X\to \mathbb{C}$ is continuous. If $V=\mathbb{C}$ and for any $x\in X$, $g(x)\neq 0$, then $f /g:X\to \mathbb{C}$ is continuous. 
(Choose one statement to prove.)
Proof: Since for $\{ x_{n} \},\{ y_{n} \}\subset \mathbb{C}$, $\lim_{ n \to \infty }x_{n}y_{n}=\lim_{ n \to \infty }x_{n}\cdot \lim_{ n \to \infty }y_{n}$ and if $y_{n}\neq 0$, then
$$
\lim_{ n \to \infty } x_{n} /y_{n}=\lim_{ n \to \infty } x_{n} /\lim_{ n \to \infty } y_{n}.
$$
Hence $f\cdot g$, $f /g$ are both continuous.
For $\{ x_{n} \},\{ y_{n} \}\subset V$, if $A=\lim_{ n \to \infty }x_{n}$ and $B=\lim_{ n \to \infty }y_{n}$ then
$$
\|x_{n}+y_{n}-A-B \|\leqslant \|x_{n}-A\|+\|y_{n}-B\|\to 0.
$$
Hence $f\pm g$ is continuous.
#### A7) Find all discontinuities of the function 
$$
f:\mathbb{R}\to \mathbb{R},\,x\mapsto \begin{cases}
1 /q, & \text{if } x=p /q\in \mathbb{Q}, \text{where } q\geqslant 1,(p,q)=1. \\
0, & \text{if } x\not\in \mathbb{Q}.
\end{cases}
$$
Solution: For any $x\in \mathbb{Q}$, $f(x)\neq 0$ but for any $\delta>0$ there exists $y\in(x-\delta,x+\delta)$ such that $y\not\in \mathbb{Q}$. Hence $\lvert f(x)-f(y) \rvert=f(x)$, so $f$ is not continuous at $x$.
For any $x\not\in \mathbb{Q}$, and any $\varepsilon>0$, let $N= \lfloor 1 /\varepsilon \rfloor+1$ and $\delta=\inf_{n\leqslant N}{\|xn\|} /n$, then for any $y\in(x-\delta,y+\delta)$, if $y\not\in \mathbb{Q}$ then $f(x)=f(y)=0$, if $y=p /q\in \mathbb{Q}$ then $q>N>1 /\varepsilon$, hence $\lvert f(x)-f(y) \rvert=f(y)=1 /q <\varepsilon$. Therefore $f$ is continuous at $x$ iff $x\not\in \mathbb{Q}$.
#### A8) Calculate
$$
\lim_{ x \to 0 } \frac{e^{x}-1}{x}=\lim_{ x \to 0 } \sum_{n=1}^{\infty}{\frac{x^{n-1}}{n!}}=1.
$$
#### A9) Calculate
$$
\lim_{ x \to \infty } \left( 1+\frac{1}{x} \right)^{x}=e.
$$
Since $\lim_{ n \to \infty }(1+1 /n)^{n}=e$ and $(1+1 /x)^{x}$ is monotonic on $[100,\infty)$.
#### A10) Calculate
$$
\lim_{ x \to -\infty } \left( 1+\frac{1}{x} \right)^{x}= e.
$$
Since $\lim_{ x \to \infty }(1-1 /x)^{x}=\lim_{ x \to \infty }(1-1 /x)^{x-1}=e$.
## PSB
#### B1) Calculate the following series:
1.
$$
\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}{\frac{1}{n(n+1)}}=\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}{\frac{1}{n}-\frac{1}{n+1}}=1.
$$
2.
$$
\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}{\frac{1}{4n^{2}-1}}=\frac{1}{2}\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}{\frac{1}{2n-1}-\frac{1}{2n+1}}=\frac{1}{2}.
$$
3.
$$
\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}{\frac{1}{n(n+1)(n+2)}}=\frac{1}{2}\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}{\frac{1}{n(n+1)}-\frac{1}{(n+1)(n+2)}}=\frac{1}{4}.
$$
4.
$$
\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}{\arctan \frac{1}{n^{2}+n+1}}=\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}{ \arctan \frac{1}{n}-\arctan \frac{1}{n+1}}= \frac{\pi}{4}.
$$
5.
$$
\sum_{n=0}^{\infty}{\frac{(-1)^{n}+2}{3^{n}}}= \frac{1}{1+1 /3}+\frac{2}{1-1 /3}=\frac{3}{4}+3=\frac{15}{4}.
$$
6.
$$
\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}{\frac{n}{3^{n}}}=\frac{3}{4}.
$$
7.
$$
\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}{\frac{(-1)^{n-1}}{2^{n-1}}}=\frac{1}{1+1 /2}=\frac{2}{3}.
$$
8.
$$
\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}{\frac{2n-1}{2^{n}}}=3.
$$
9.
$$
\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}{\frac{2n+1}{n^{2}(n+1)^{2}}}=\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}{\frac{1}{n^{2}}-\frac{1}{(n+1)^{2}}}=1.
$$
10.
$$
\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}{\sqrt{ n+2 }-2\sqrt{ n+1 }+\sqrt{ n }}=1-\sqrt{ 2 }.
$$
11.
$$
\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}{\log \left( \frac{n(2n+1)}{(n+1)(2n-1)} \right)}=\lim_{ n \to \infty } \log\left( \frac{2n+1}{n+1} \right)=\log 2.
$$
12.
$$
\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}{\frac{1}{n(n+m)}}=\frac{1}{m}\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}{\frac{1}{n}-\frac{1}{n+m}}=\frac{1}{m}\sum_{n=1}^{m}{\frac{1}{n}}.
$$
#### B2) Determine whether the following series converge:
1.
$$
\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}{\sqrt{ n+1 }-\sqrt{ n }}=\lim_{ n \to \infty } \sqrt{ n+1 }-1=\infty.
$$
2.
$$
\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}{\frac{\sqrt{ n+1 }-\sqrt{ n }}{n}}\leqslant \sum_{n=1}^{\infty}{\frac{1}{2n\sqrt{ n }}}
$$
converges.
3.
$$
\sum_{n=2}^{\infty}(\sqrt[n]{ n }-1)^{n}
$$
converges, since $\limsup_{ n \to \infty }\sqrt[n]{ (\sqrt[n]{ n }-1)^{n} }=0<1$.
4.
$$
\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}{\frac{1}{1+x^{n}}}
$$
converges if $\lvert x \rvert>1$ and diverges if $\lvert x \rvert\leqslant 1$.
5.
$$
\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}{\frac{1}{n 2^{n}}}\leqslant \sum_{n=1}^{\infty}{\frac{1}{2^{n}}}=1.
$$
converges
6.
$$
\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}{\left( \frac{n^{2}}{3n^{2}+1} \right)^{n}}\leqslant \sum_{n=1}^{\infty}{\frac{1}{3^{n}}}<1.
$$
converges.
7.
$$
\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}{\frac{1}{n^{1+1 /n}}} \geqslant \sum_{n=1}^{\infty}{\frac{1}{2n}}
$$
diverges.
8.
$$
\sum_{n=2}^{\infty}{\frac{1}{(\log n)^{\log n}}}=\sum_{n=2}^{\infty}{\frac{1}{n^{\log \log n}}}\leqslant C+\sum_{n=100}^{\infty}{\frac{1}{n^{2}}} 
$$
converges.
9.
$$
\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}{\frac{n^{n+1/n}}{\left( n+\frac{1}{n} \right)^{n}}}
$$
diverges, since 
$$
\lim_{ n \to \infty } \frac{n^{n+1/n}}{\left( n+\frac{1}{n} \right)^{n}}=\exp \lim_{ n \to \infty } \left( \frac{\log n}{n}-n\log\left( 1+\frac{1}{n^{2}} \right) \right)=1.
$$
10.
$$
\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}{\frac{(-1)^{n-1}\sqrt{ n }}{n+1}}
$$
converges (conditionally), since the partial sum of $(-1)^{n-1}$ is bounded and $\frac{\sqrt{ n }}{n+1}$ monotonically tends to $0$.
11.
$$
\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}{\frac{(-1)^{n-1}}{\sqrt[n]{ n }}}
$$
diverges since $(-1)^{n-1} n^{-1/n}$ does not tend to $0$.
12.
Let $H_{n}=1+1 /2+\cdots+1 /n$.
$$
\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}{\frac{H_{n}\sin nx}{n}}
$$
converges since the partial sum of $\sin nx$ is bounded and $\frac{H_{n}}{n}$ monotonically tends to $0$.
#### B3) Determine whether the following series converge (absolutely):
1.
$$
\sum_{n=2}^{\infty}{\frac{(-1)^{n}}{n\log n}}
$$
converges since the partial sum of $(-1)^{n}$ is bounded and $\frac{1}{n\log n}$ monotonically tends to $0$, but only conditionally by C3).
2.
$$
\sum_{n=2}^{\infty}{\frac{\sin(n\pi /4)}{\log n}}
$$
converges since the partial sum of $\sin(n\pi /4)$ is bounded and $\frac{1}{\log n}$ monotonically tends to $0$, but only conditionally since $\sum_{n=2}^{\infty}{\frac{1}{\log(4n+2)}}$ tends to infinity.
3.
$$
\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}{(-1)^{n} \frac{n-1}{n+1} \frac{1}{\sqrt[3]{ n }}}
$$
converges since $\frac{n-1}{(n+1)\sqrt[3]{ n }}$ monotonically tends to $0$, but only conditionally since $\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}{n^{-1/3}}$ diverges.
4.
$a>1$.
$$
\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}{(-1)^{n(n-1)/2} \frac{n^{10}}{a^{n}}}
$$
converges absolutely since there exists $C>0$ such that for $n>C$, $n^{10}a^{-n}\leqslant a^{-n /2}$, and $\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}{a^{-n/2}}$ converges.
## PSC
Suppose the integer $b\geqslant 2$, $f:[1,\infty)\to \mathbb{R}_{>0}$ is monotonically decreasing.
#### C1) Prove that
$$
(b-1)b^{k-1}f(b^{k})\leqslant \sum_{j=b^{k-1}}^{b^{k}-1}{f(j)}\leqslant (b-1)b^{k-1}f(b^{k-1}).
$$
Proof: There are $(b-1)b^{k-1}$ integers in $[b^{k-1},b^{k}-1]$, and since $f$ is monotonically decreasing, for any $j\in[b^{k-1},b^{k}-1]$, $f(j)\in[f(b^{k}),f(b^{k-1})]$.
#### C2) Prove that the series
$$
\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}{f(n)} \text{ and } \sum_{n=1}^{\infty}{b^{n}f(b^{n})}
$$
converge or diverge simultaneously.
Proof: From C1), 
$$
\sum_{k=1}^{\infty}{(b-1)b^{k-1}f(b^{k})}\leqslant\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}{f(n)}=\sum_{k=1}^{\infty}{\sum_{j=b^{k-1}}^{b^{k}-1}{f(j)}}\leqslant \sum_{k=1}^{\infty}{(b-1)b^{k-1}f(b^{k-1})}.
$$
Therefore the two series converge or diverge simultaneously.
#### C3) Prove that $\displaystyle \sum_{n=2}^{\infty}{\frac{1}{n\log n}}$ diverges.
Proof: Consider $f(x)=\frac{1}{x\log x}$ which is monotonically decreasing. Note that
$$
\sum_{n=2}^{\infty}{2^{n}f(2^{n})}=\sum_{n=2}^{\infty}{\frac{1}{n\log 2}}=\infty.
$$
From C2) we know that $\sum_{n=2}^{\infty}{f(n)}$ diverges.
#### C4) Prove that $\sum_{n=100}^{\infty}{\frac{1}{n\log n\log \log n}}$ diverges.
Proof: Consider $f(x)=\frac{1}{x\log x\log \log x}$ which is monotonically decreasing. From C3),
$$
\sum_{n=100}^{\infty}{2^{n}f(2^{n})}=\sum_{n=100}^{\infty}{\frac{1}{n \log 2\cdot \log(n\log 2)}}
$$
diverges. Hence from C2) we know that $\sum_{n=100}^{\infty}{f(n)}$ diverges.
#### C5) Prove that $\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}{n^{-s}}$ converges iff $s>1$.
Proof: Consider $f(x)=x^{-s}$ which is monotonically decreasing. Note that
$$
\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}{2^{n}f(2^{n})}=\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}{2^{-n(s-1)}}=\frac{2^{1-s}}{1-2^{1-s}}.
$$
#### C6) Suppose $s>1$, prove that $\sum_{n=2}^{\infty}{\frac{1}{n(\log n)^{s}}}$ and $\sum_{n=10}^{\infty}{\frac{1}{n\log n(\log \log n)^{s}}}$ converges.
Proof: Same as C3) and C4).
## PSD
For $\{ a_{n} \}_{n\geqslant 1}\subset \mathbb{R}$, 
- $\alpha \in \mathbb{R}$, if for any $\varepsilon>0$, there are infinitely many $n$ such that $a_{n}\in(\alpha-\varepsilon,\alpha+\varepsilon)$, then we call $\alpha$ a limit point of $\{ a_{n} \}_{n\geqslant 1}$.
- Likewise define limit points for $\alpha=\pm \infty$.
#### D1) Prove that $\alpha \in \mathbb{R}$ is a limit point of $\{ a_{n} \}_{n\geqslant 1}$ iff there is a sub-sequence $\{ a_{n_{k}} \}_{k\geqslant 1}$ which converges to $\alpha$.
Proof: <== is trivial. ==> Let $\varepsilon=1 /k$ then there exists $a_{n_{k}}$ such that $\lvert a_{n_{k}}-\alpha \rvert<\varepsilon$. Hence $\lim_{ k \to \infty }a_{n_{k}}=\alpha$.
#### D2) Prove that $+\infty$ is a limit point of $\{ a_{n} \}_{n\geqslant 1}$ iff there is a sub-sequence $\{ a_{n_{k}} \}_{k\geqslant 1}$ such that $\lim_{ k \to \infty }a_{n_{k}}=\infty$.
Proof: Same as D1).
#### D3) Let $E=\{ \alpha \in \mathbb{R}\cup \{ \pm \infty \}:\alpha \text{ is a limit point of }\{ a_{n} \} \}$. Prove that $E\neq \emptyset$. 
Proof: If $\{ a_{n} \}$ is unbounded, then by D2) $E\cap \{ \pm \infty \}\neq 0$. If $\{ a_{n} \}$ is bounded, then by Bolzano-Weierstrass theorem, $E\neq \emptyset$.
#### D4) Prove that $E\subset \mathbb{R}$ iff $\{ a_{n} \}$ is bounded.
Proof: Use D2)
#### D5) Suppose $\{ a_{n} \}_{n\geqslant 1}$ is bounded. Prove that $\sup_{}{E}=\limsup_{ n \to \infty }a_{n}$, $\inf_{}{E}=\liminf_{ n \to \infty }a_{n}$.
Proof: Let $M=\limsup_{ n \to \infty }a_{n}$, then for any $\varepsilon>0$, there exists $n$ such that $M\leqslant\sup_{k\geqslant n}{a_{k}}<M+\varepsilon$, hence there exists $k\geqslant n$ such that $\lvert a_{k}-M \rvert<\varepsilon$, so $M\in E$.
For any $\alpha\in E$, there is a sub-sequence $\{ a_{n_{k}} \}\to \alpha$, hence 
$$
\alpha=\lim_{ k \to \infty } a_{n_{k}}\leqslant \lim_{ k \to \infty } \sup_{m\geqslant n_{k}}{a_{n_{k}}}=\limsup_{ n \to \infty } a_{n}=M.
$$
Therefore $M=\sup_{}{E}$. Substitute $a_{n}\to -a_{n}$ and we obtain $\inf_{}{E}=\liminf_{ n \to \infty }a_{n}$.
#### D6) Suppose $\{ a_{n} \}_{n\geqslant 1}$ is bounded. Let $a^{*}=\limsup_{ n \to \infty }a_{n}$. Prove that
i) $a^{*}\in E$, i.e. $\sup_{}{E}\in E$.
Proof: See the proof of D5).
ii) For any $x>a^{*}$, there exists $N\in \mathbb{Z}_{\geqslant 1}$ such that for any $n>N$, $a_{n}<x$.
Proof: If there is an infinite sub-sequence $\{ a_{n_{k}} \}_{k\geqslant 1}$ such that $a_{n_{k}}\geqslant x$, then $\{ a_{n_{k}} \}$ has a limit point $a^{\prime}>x>a^{*}$, contradicting $a^{*}=\sup_{}{E}$.
#### D7) Construct an example of $\{ a_{n} \}_{n\geqslant 1}$ such that $E\cap \mathbb{R}\neq \emptyset$ and $E\not\subset \mathbb{R}$.
Solution: Since $\mathbb{Q}$ is countable, let $\{ a_{n} \}_{n\geqslant 1}$ iterate every element of $\mathbb{Q}$, then $E=\mathbb{R}\cup \{ \pm \infty \}$ is an infinite set.
#### D8) Construct $\{ a_{n} \}_{n\geqslant 1}$ such that $E$ is an infinite set.
Solution: Same as D7).
## PSE: Reciprocal Sum of Primes
Define the $\zeta$-function:
$$
\zeta(s)=\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}{n^{-s}}.
$$
We have proved the formula:
$$
\zeta(s)=\prod_{p\in \mathcal{P}}^{}{\frac{1}{1-p^{-s}}}.
$$
Prove that the series
$$
\sum_{p\in \mathcal{P}}^{}{p^{-s}}
$$
converges when $s>1$, and diverges when $0<s\leqslant 1$.
Proof: We know that for $\lvert a_{n} \rvert<1$, $\prod_{n=1}^{\infty}{(1-a_{n})}$ converges iff $\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}{a_{n}}$ converges. Hence by $\zeta(s)^{-1}=\prod_{p\in \mathcal{P}}^{}{(1-p ^{-s})}$, we obtain $\sum_{p\in \mathcal{P}}^{}{p ^{-s}}$ converges iff $s>1$.
## PSF: Euler’s “Proof” of the Basel Problem
For any $\theta \in \mathbb{R},n\in \mathbb{Z}$, prove the identity
$$
\frac{\sin((2n+1)\theta)}{(2n+1)\sin\theta}=\prod_{k=1}^{n}{\left( 1- \frac{\sin ^{2}\theta}{\sin ^{2}(k\pi /(2n+1))} \right)}.
$$
Further prove that for any $x\in \mathbb{R}$,
$$
\frac{\sin(\pi x)}{\pi x}=\prod_{n=1}^{\infty}{\left( 1- \frac{x^{2}}{n^{2}} \right)}.
$$
Proof: (1) By induction there is a polynomial $P_{n}(x)$ such that $P_{n}(\sin\theta)=\sin(2n+1)\theta$ for any $\theta \in \mathbb{R}$ and $\deg P_{n}=2n+1$. For any $k=1,2,\cdots,n$, and $\theta=\pm k\pi /(2n+1)$, $\sin((2n+1)\theta)=0$, hence $P_{n}$ has roots $0$ and $\pm\sin(k\pi /(2n+1))$ for $k=1,2,\cdots,n$. Since $\deg P_{n}=2n+1$, 
$$
P_{n}(x)=Cx\prod_{k=1}^{n}{\left(1-\frac{x^{2}}{\sin ^{2}(k\pi /(2n+1))}\right)}
$$
for some $C\in \mathbb{R}$. Let $x=\sin \theta$ and consider the derivatives on both sides when $\theta=0$, then we obtain $C=2n+1$, therefore
$$
\frac{\sin((2n+1)\theta)}{(2n+1)\sin\theta}=\prod_{k=1}^{n}{\left( 1-\frac{\sin ^{2}\theta}{\sin ^{2}(k\pi /(2n+1))} \right)}.
$$
(2) Let $m=2n+1$. From (1) we know that for any $x\in \mathbb{C}$ and $k<n$, $\sin x=U_{k}^{(n)}\cdot V_{k}^{(n)}$, where
$$
\begin{align}
U_{k}^{(n)} & = m\sin \frac{x}{m}\prod_{j=1}^{k}{\left( 1-\frac{\sin ^{2}(x /m)}{\sin ^{2}(j\pi /m)} \right)}, \\
V_{k}^{(n)} & =\prod_{j=k+1}^{n}{\left( 1-\frac{\sin ^{2}(x /m)}{\sin ^{2}(j \pi /m)} \right)}.
\end{align}
$$
Clearly, for any $k\in \mathbb{N}$,
$$
\lim_{ n \to \infty } U_{k}^{(n)}=U_{k}=x\prod_{j=1}^{k}{\left( 1-\frac{x^{2}}{j^{2}\pi^{2}} \right)}.
$$
and for any $x\in \mathbb{C}$ and $j\in \mathbb{N}$,
$$
\left\lvert  \frac{\sin ^{2}(x /m)}{\sin ^{2}(j \pi /m)}  \right\rvert \leqslant \frac{x^{2}}{4j^{2}}\cdot K(\lvert x \rvert  /m)^{2},
$$
where $K(x)=\sum_{n=0}^{\infty}{\lvert x \rvert^{n} /(2n+1)!}$ is monotonic on $[0,\infty)$ and $K(0)=1$.
Note that for $\alpha_{i}\in \mathbb{C}$,
$$
\left\lvert  1-\prod_{j=1}^{n}{(1-\alpha_{n})}  \right\rvert \leqslant \sum_{j=1}^{n}{\left( \sum_{k=1}^{n}{\lvert \alpha_{k} \rvert } \right)^{j}}.
$$
Hence for any $x\in \mathbb{C}$ and $\varepsilon>0$, there exists $N$ such that for any $k\geqslant N$, and any $n>k$, $\lvert V_{k}^{(n)}-1 \rvert<\varepsilon$, since
$$
\lvert V_{k}^{(n)}-1 \rvert \leqslant \sum_{j=1}^{\infty}{\left( \sum_{l=k+1}^{\infty}{\frac{x^{2}}{4l^{2}}K(\lvert x \rvert /m)^{2}} \right)^{j}}\leqslant \sum_{j=1}^{\infty}{\left( K(\lvert x \rvert /(2k+1))^{2}\cdot \frac{x^{2}}{k} \right)^{j}}\to 0.
$$
i.e. for any $x\in \mathbb{C}$
$$
\lim_{ k \to \infty } \sup_{n>k}{\lvert V_{k}^{(n)}-1 \rvert }=0.
$$
And likewise we know that there is a constant $M$ such that for any $n>k$, $\lvert x \rvert<k$, $\lvert U_{k}^{(n)} \rvert\leqslant M$.
Therefore for any $x\in \mathbb{C}$,
$$
\sin x=x\lim_{ n \to \infty } \prod_{k=1}^{n}{\left( 1-\frac{x^{2}}{k^{2}\pi^{2}} \right)}=x\prod_{n=1}^{\infty}{\left( 1-\frac{x^{2}}{n^{2}\pi^{2}} \right)}.
$$

>Note:
>From the formula above, we can formally deduce that
>$$
>\sin(\pi x)=\pi x(1-\zeta(2)x^{2}+\zeta(4)x^4+\cdots).
>$$
>Compare it to $\sin z=x-x^3 /6+\cdots$, and we get $\zeta(2)=\pi^{2} /6$.

